1. Write a program to take screenshot of a page and explain?
2. There are 4 frames in a page click the element present in each frame?
3. Write xpath for radio button and check box.
4. Why do you use TestNG and why not JUnit?
5. How did u use runtime polymorphism in your project?
6. What is agile model and explain your involvement in scrum team?
7. Explain the framework used in your project.
8.What is the need to use jenkins?
9. Explain driver.quit()?

Explain the your current framework?
While explaining the framework, in-between they will ask few questions about the framework.
Like why this framework?
Execution flow?
1.How to integrate with TFS?
2.Benefits of Selenium?
3.Benefits of Oops??
4.What is polymorphism??
5.What is dictionary ??
6.How to handle AJAX elements?
7.What is synchronisation?
8.Difference between implicit wait and explicit wait?
9.What is automation life cycle?
10.What is framework?
11.What is Nunit? Explain the capabilities of Nunit? 
12.Write a script to open the Firefox without using FirefoxDriver class 
13.How to take the screen shot of webelement?
14.How to verify to verify whether the element is present or not using findElements method 
15.Write a script to verify whether the check box is selected or not. 
16.How to verify whether the list box is dropdown list or multi-select list. 
17.Difference between arraylist and linked list?
18.Explain the vector??
19.Difference between abstraction and encapsulation?
20.Difference between protected and default access specifiers? 
21.What is single ton class ??
22.Why POM??
23.How to handle windows popup??

1>WAP to Reverse Number
2>WAP to count duplicate character in String
3>WAP to count no of word in String
4>WAP to reverse word of Character 
INPUT-I work in exilant
output-I krow ni tnalixe;
5>WAP to String is palindrome or not
6>WAP to Swap to no with third variable and without third varialble
7>WAP to remove duplicate element in Array
I
8>WAP to remove dulicate Character in String
9>WAP to Bubble Sort
10>WAP to insertion  Sort
11>WAP to Selection  Sort
12>WAP to Count vowels in String
14>WAP to no is binaray or not
15>WAP to no is factorial 
16>WAP to Find largest no in Array 
17>WAP reverse number
18>WAP to find second no of arrayList
19>WAP to Sort Array?

1>Explain all  Wait Statement  in Selenium.
2>WAP to reverse word of Character 
INPUT-I work in exilant
output-I krow ni tnalixe;
3>WAP to Count no of Character in String
4>What is different throw throws finally final
5>find no of link on the webpage and Verify the Title

1>Draw frameWork Structure and explain
2>Write Code how to fatch data from excel
3>Write Code for reverse String
4>Write the Code of Swapping without using third Variable.
5>Explain OOp Concept
6>what is buglifeCycle
7>What is Smoke Testing
8>what is Synity Testing
9>What is reTesting and Regression Testing
10>Explain WebDriver driver=new FirFoxDriver();

1. Write a program for Armstrong number?
2. Write selenium code for any of the daily activity you do and explain.
3. In a webpage, many frames are present. Frame number , frame name and element in frames are dynamic. If element is present in frame click that and come out . Or else search in other frame. Write a code..
4. Some cases are independent and some cases are dependent on other cases. How do you execute them parallel.
5. What are the versions of the browsers you test and what is your base browser.
6. Explain the Testing procedure in your project.
7. Why do you use Jenkins in your project.
8. Explain the scrum process in your project

1-can uh explain what uh have done so far as automation test engineer
2-types of waits that uh knw.
3-there is a check box if uh check the checkbox and element will be visible and if uh uncheck it it will be disappeared how will uh test it.
4-there is a homepage whenever somebody login it shows welcome mess "welcome (Name of person)" how will uh test it.
5-where did uh used encapsulation in your proj explain.
6-where did uh used inheritance in ur proj
7-types of inheritance.
8-exception(full)
9-there is a table  if I ask uh to print total number of row present in table how will uh do that(code)
10-how uh fetch the data from some external file explain code
11-what is the difference between below 2 lines-
   String s1= "amit";
   String s2= new String("Amit");
12- What is String?
13- how can you say String is a class?
14-how many ways to scroll a page?
15-what and all things you can do using Actions class.
16-jenkins (how to use,what it does)
17-what strategy u follow to upload ur code in GitHub
18-how to reverse an integer value.
19-how to reverse a given string.
20-how to reverse a given string.w without using for loop and any inbuilt methods.
21-what is maven.
22-what is testNG.
23-if I want to run 10 test cases among 100 how will uh run it.
24-how to perform parallel execution
25-what strategy uh follow in order to choose locators for automating any test case
26-what is pom,what strategy do uh follow while creating pom class.
27