THIS INTERVIEW QUESTION ARE SUPERRRR...

1,What are AJAX calls?
2.Difference between AJAX and JavaScript functions
3.How to create authentication filters in spring security?
4.Write a query to find third highest salary from the table
5.Program to split two words (for instance: Split ’WORD’ into ‘WO’ and ‘RD’)
6.How to join same two tables and return records\
7.How are you handling exceptions in your project?
8.What kind of validations you are using in your project
9.How do you restrict a space in a text-box?

1.Reverse of a string using objects and a blank space/some operators and not using temporary variable
2.Write a query to eliminate the duplicate values in the table where the duplicates values are in UPPER CASE?

3.Select Name Id from Table.. What will this query return
4.How to get details from two tables whereas field name are same
5.If we use sql injection from application to delete 10 records of a table. What will it return
6.How do you provide security to your application which is deployed in your client's server
7.How do you integrate third party tools in your application
8.How do you deploy your code
9.client side validation
10.Which Module is difficult? related to your project
11.How to do the Client Side Validation
12.In HTML page having 100 records in a grid, how you will send this to service part?
13.Having 3 different faculty roles, I need to show the records based on their role.How to do
that?

14.How will u roleback after deleting records in database
15.Select Customer Salary from Table.. What will this query return
16.What kind of filters you are using in your applicatio
17.What are Static Classes
18.Difference between REST & Json

program

19.Reverse the string
Split the name for the given size (eg: kavin input=2 means, display ka,vi,n

20.Reverse the string without extra space

21.How to delete duplicate records in sql server
22.How to improve SQL query performance
23.How you make your application secure
24.How you deploy your code in server
25.what kind of authentication and authrization you are using in your application